Update README and code comments (#1)
surveyjs/surveyjs-aspnet-presentation: README.md

<!-- TODO: Add illustration -->

This application was built using ASP.NET Core. Follow the same instructions if you need to implement this functionality with any other server-side framework.

- [Domain Models and Attributes](#domain-models-and-attributes)
- [Generate Form JSON Schemas from Server-Side Domain Models](#generate-form-json-schemas-from-server-side-domain-models)
- [Display a Form](#display-a-form)
- [Edit JSON Schemas](#edit-json-schemas)
- [Generate Domain Model Code Based on Form JSON Schemas](#generate-domain-model-code-based-on-form-json-schemas)

## Domain Models and Attributes

Domain models are declared in server-side code. You can generate form JSON schemas based on them. Domain model properties become form fields. You can then feed the JSON schemas into SurveyJS Form Library to display a form on your website or in your application. This project contains three sample domain models, each describes an individual form:

- [`JobApplication`](/DomainModels/JobApplication.cs)
- [`NPSSurvey`](/DomainModels/NPSSurvey.cs)
- [`PatientAssessment`](/DomainModels/PatientAssessment.cs)

> A domain model and its properties can include [attributes](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/programming-guide/concepts/attributes/). A form generator uses attribute parameters to generate form JSON schemas. For instance, all domain models have a `DomainModelForm` attribute shown below. Its parameters configure a form's `name` and `title` properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A domain model and its properties can include [attributes](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/programming-guide/concepts/attributes/). A form generator uses attribute parameters to generate form JSON schemas. For instance, all domain models have the `DomainModelForm` attribute shown below. Its parameters configure a form's `name` and `title` properties.
```

```csharp
[DomainModelForm("nps-survey", "NPS Survey (Domain Model without attributes)")]
public class NPSSurvey: DomainModel {
    // ...
}
```

A form generator can support predefined .NET attributes, such as [`Required`](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.componentmodel.dataannotations.requiredattribute) or [`Display`](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.componentmodel.dataannotations.displayattribute), as well as custom attributes, like `DomainModelForm`. The following file shows how this project implements custom attributes: [FormAttributes.cs](/Code/FormAttributes.cs).

You can get a list of all domain models in the running assembly. Call the `DomainModelList.GetAllForms()` static method. It finds all classes that are inherited from `DomainModel` and have the `DomainModelForm` attribute. Refer to the following file for full code: [DomainModelList.cs](/DomainModels/DomainModelList.cs).

## Generate Form JSON Schemas from Server-Side Domain Models

> Form JSON schemas are generated based on property type and attributes. Each public writable property in a `DomainModel` class becomes a form field in the form JSON schema. Refer to the [`JSONGeneratorByModelClass`](/DomainModelsViews/JsonFormGenerator.cs#L13) class to view the form generator code. The class implements a `Generate()` method that extracts all properties from a domain model, gets their type and attributes, and uses this information to build a JSON schema. You can extend the form generator's functionality: implement new custom attributes or add more properties to the existing attributes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Form JSON schemas are generated based on property types and attributes. Each public writable property in a `DomainModel` class becomes a form field in the form JSON schema. Refer to the [`JSONGeneratorByModelClass`](/DomainModelsViews/JsonFormGenerator.cs#L13) class to view the form generator code. The class implements a `Generate()` method that extracts all properties from a domain model, gets their type and attributes, and uses this information to build a JSON schema. You can extend the form generator's functionality: implement new custom attributes or add more properties to the existing attributes.
```

## Display a Form

SurveyJS ships with a tool that displays surveys and forms&mdash;[SurveyJS Form Library](https://surveyjs.io/form-library). You no longer need to create a separate page for each form you have in your application. Set up SurveyJS Form Library and assign different JSON schemas to it to display different forms. This tool supports all most popular JavaScript frameworks, including React, Angular, and Vue. However, this project uses the Form Library version for Knockout because it is the easiest version to set up. The [FormResponse.cshtml](/Views/Home/FormResponse.cshtml) file shows the Form Library configuration code.

> In this project, SurveyJS Form Library displays JSON schemas that come from different sources. The "NPS Survey" and "Patient Assessment" forms are pre-generated and stored as JSON files in the [Data](/Data/) directory. The "Job Application" form is generated from the `JobApplication` domain model on the fly. If a form JSON schema has been edited, its most recent version is stored in a database (or [database emulator](/DomainModels/DataStorage.cs), as in this application). When Form Library requests a JSON schema of a certain type, the server first looks into the database to find the most recently edited schema of that type. If the schema is not found, the server returns a pre-generated schema from one of the JSON files. If a file with a schema of that type is also absent, the server generates the schema on the fly. Refer to the following file to find methods that implement this logic: [JsonForms.cs](/DomainModelsViews/JsonForms.cs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this project, SurveyJS Form Library displays JSON schemas that come from different sources. The "NPS Survey" and "Patient Assessment" forms are pre-generated and stored as JSON files in the [Data](/Data/) directory. The "Job Application" form is generated from the `JobApplication` domain model on the fly. If a form JSON schema has been edited, its most recent version is stored in a database (or [database emulator](/DomainModels/DataStorage.cs), as in this application). When Form Library requests a JSON schema of a certain type, the server first searches for the most recently edited schema of that type in the database. If the schema is not found, the server returns a pre-generated schema from one of the JSON files. If a file with a schema of that type is also absent, the server generates the schema on the fly. Refer to the following file to find methods that implement this logic: [JsonForms.cs](/DomainModelsViews/JsonForms.cs).
```

<!-- TODO: Add illustration -->

## Edit JSON Schemas

> JSON schemas can be edited in any text editor, but they are easier to edit in [Survey Creator](https://surveyjs.io/survey-creator). This JavaScript component is a UI form designer by SurveyJS that content and product managers can use to create and modify JSON schemas without writing code. Similar to SurveyJS Form Library, Survey Creator supports React, Angular, Vue, Knockout, and jQuery and is easy to integrate into your application. The project in this repository sets up the Knockout version (view the [EditForm.cshtml](/Views/Home/EditForm.cshtml) file).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
JSON schemas can be edited in any text editor, but they are easier to edit in [Survey Creator](https://surveyjs.io/survey-creator). This JavaScript component is a UI form designer by SurveyJS that content and product managers can use to create and modify JSON schemas without writing code. Similarly to SurveyJS Form Library, Survey Creator supports React, Angular, Vue, Knockout, and jQuery and is easy to integrate into your application. The project in this repository sets up the Knockout version (view the [EditForm.cshtml](/Views/Home/EditForm.cshtml) file).
```

> If in your team more than one person creates and edits forms, you can configure multiple roles with different access rights. For example, you may define two roles: content manager and product manager. Content managers cannot create new forms and can edit only those form properties that do not require server-side code modification. These restrictions ensure the synchronization between domain models and form JSON schemas. Product managers on the other hand have unlimited capabilities and can request the backend development team to update domain models on the server. The role separation is implemented at the Survey Creator level. Refer to the [`creatorjs.js`](/wwwroot/js/creatorjs.js) file to see the implementation. You can also view the restricted UI for content managers in the following demo: [Setup for Content Managers](https://surveyjs.io/survey-creator/examples/setup-for-content-manager/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If in your team, more than one person creates and edits forms, you can configure multiple roles with different access rights. For example, you may define two roles: content manager and product manager. Content managers cannot create new forms and can edit only those form properties that do not require server-side code modification. These restrictions ensure the synchronization between domain models and form JSON schemas. Product managers, on the other hand, have unlimited capabilities and can request the backend development team to update domain models on the server. The role separation is implemented at the Survey Creator level. Refer to the [`creatorjs.js`](/wwwroot/js/creatorjs.js) file to see the implementation. You can also view the restricted UI for content managers in the following demo: [Setup for Content Managers](https://surveyjs.io/survey-creator/examples/setup-for-content-manager/).
```
